Client name: {full_name}
Date of birth: {date_of_birth}
Therapist providing services: {therapist_name}
NPI: {npi}
Date of Estimate: {date}
This form provides an estimate of the costs of mental health services received
through Life Resources. The clinical needs and goals of clients at Life
Resources vary greatly and as such, an estimate for mental health services will,
of necessity, be broad. For some, a short-term treatment of 12 sessions is
sufficient to address one's goals in therapy. For others, a course of 
treatment that spans a year or more is needed. Additionally, some clients come
in with specific short-term goals, achieve those quickly, and then decide to
continue in therapy to work on additional goals or because they come to value
regular therapy as an important part of their overall strategy for promoting
mental health. Because of this great diversity of clinical needs and goals, this
estimate provides a cost range for expected services to be received through Life 
Resources. Most short-term treatments are approximately 12 sessions long and so
the low-range of this estimate will be based on a 12 session course of treatment.
Many of our clients also utilization our scholarship program in order to help
subsidize the cost of therapy. As our scholarship renewal process occurs 6-months
after a scholarship has been awarded and as one's scholarship rate will likely
be adjusted at that time, the high range of this estimate will be based on a 24 
session (approximately 6 months) course of treatment.

It should be noted that the above estimate only accounts for charges that can be
reasonably anticipated on the part of Life Resources. Fees you incur due to late 
cancellations and no-shows could lead your actual costs to exceed those quoted 
in this Good Faith Estimate, but Life Resources will not be held at fault should
your total costs exceed the Good Faith Estimate provided because of fees 
incurred due to late cancellations and/or no-shows. 

Contact: If you have questions about this estimate, please contact the Life
Resources Intake Coordinator at 843-884-3888.
